beep fluckey joint bouncy bouncy I'm not
most breasts
hey guys I'm Anna and welcome to blogeee
e today we're gonna cook a really really
nice chinese dishes perfect for every
day and for midnight snacks when you're
studying it's called Chinese honey
searching means so here we go the
ingredients you need are our a lemon
onion shallot garlic light soy sauce any
type of cooking wine oil of your choice
table salt ground black pepper chicken
stock powder and chicken wings chopped
like this firstly heat up the frying pan
add oil move the oil around and add the
chicken wings
meanwhile chop an onion into half like
so
peel off the nasty skin and then chop
into thin strips try on your best not to
cry
next finely chop a clove of garlic into
smaller pieces I love to chopper like
this to get that minced texture then
chop a shallot or green onion into fine
slices
and finally slice a lemon wedge for a
flavor cake mm-hmm
now going back to the chicken add a
small amount of salt and pepper and stir
it gently to infuse all this delicious
flavors and let it sizzle for around a
minute now and 3/4 of the chopped onions
and garlic into the pan and stir it
constantly
next as three-quarters of the finely
chopped shallots stir it again but only
gently because you'd kill me if those
beans were broken weren't you
place the lid on top in order to capture
all those juicy flavors
remove the lid after three to four
minutes stir add the light soy sauce the
cooking wine as well as sugar or honey
and we just use sugar here and the
remaining garlic onion and shallots stir
it lightly for the last time and then
it's ready to serve I love using this
cute little metal bulb to serve because
it just makes the chicken wings looks so
freakin delicious which they are and
also because well I can spin it so you
can see some good old food points and
that's it it's so simple quick and easy
and taste so it freakin good I hope you
guys like this video please subscribe
comment and like this to do for more
recipes see you next time
you